[DOCS-12615] Data Observability reorg (#33006)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_observability/integrations/business_intelligence/sigma.md

---
title: Sigma
description: Connect Sigma to Datadog Data Observability to view end-to-end lineage from warehouse tables to workbooks.
further_reading:
  - link: '/data_observability/data_quality'
    tag: 'Documentation'
    text: 'Learn about Data Quality monitoring'
---

## Overview

Datadog's Sigma integration helps data teams make changes to their data platform without breaking Sigma workbooks, and identify unused workbooks or datasets. When Datadog connects, it:

- Pulls metadata from your Sigma site, including workbooks and queries.
- Automatically generates lineage between warehouse tables and columns and downstream Sigma datasets and workbooks.

## Connect Sigma

### Retrieve API keys

> [Follow these instructions][1] from the Sigma docs to retrieve a Client ID and Client Secret (also called an API token).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow [Sigma's API client instructions][1] to retrieve a Client ID and Client Secret (also called an API token).
```

### Add the Sigma integration

1. Navigate to the [Sigma integration tile][2] and enter the following information:

   - Account name
   - Client ID
   - Client secret
   - Cloud provider. If you don't know your cloud provider, you can find it in Sigma [following these instructions][3].

2. After you've entered these credentials, click **Save**.

## What's next

When your Sigma account is successfully connected, Datadog syncs and automatically derives lineage from warehouse tables/columns to Sigma workbooks.

Initial syncs may take up to several hours depending on the size of your Sigma deployment.

After syncing, you can explore your Sigma assets and their upstream dependencies in the [Data Observability Explorer][4].

## Further reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

> [1]: https://help.sigmacomputing.com/hc/en-us/articles/4408555307027-Get-an-API-Token-and-Client-Id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1]: https://help.sigmacomputing.com/reference/generate-client-credentials
```
The link 404ed when I clicked it. Maybe this is the correct one?
